[DOCU-2317] Konnect administer section clean-up and validation (#4091)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/konnect/org-management/users.md

1. Log in with your new account and test that you can access the resources
assigned to this account.

## Manage team assignment

1. From {% konnect_icon organizations %} [**Organization**](https://cloud.konghq.com/organization/), open the **Users** page.

1. Select a user row to drill down to their assigned teams and roles.

1. From the **User Actions** drop-down menu, select **Add or remove teams** to change the user's team membership.

1. Check or uncheck any teams, then click **Ok** to save.

## Manage individual user roles

1. From {% konnect_icon organizations %} [**Organization**](https://cloud.konghq.com/organization/), open the **Users** page.

> 1. Select a user row to drill down to their assigned teams and roles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select a user row to view their assigned teams and roles.
```
